hey
well this super stakes proves to be the
one of co-champions we just wrapped up
the 2010 ncha super six classic non-pro
finals and we have co-champions Michelle
Anderson and Gail Hooper both scoring a
218 to take the finals tell us a little
bit about how it felt today I felt good
going in there I liked my draw where I
was and we we had all of our cows and
just felt good how about your your rent
today well we had all our cows picked
and pretty focused on what we're going
to do so it all turned out pretty well
did you guys think second and third
horse that that does ties would last
till the end no I had no idea i'm
marching to 18 on Clifford ray that time
in it lasted through the whole thing
which I didn't know but you know I just
I praise the Lord it was it was pretty
good that I did hold up I didn't wish
anybody any any other anything bad
though you know you always want
everybody to do good so well I guess
we'll take a look at you guys runs and
congratulations on your win tonight I
knew right off the bat she was on her
cows tonight so I'm just trying to stand
over way and help her along a little bit
and my help was trying to coach me a
little bit on staying in there to keep
it her up out of that heard since we
were second
we're trying to locate our second cow
and can I use our time wisely
we were looking for cows brad had
suggested that we don't go for anything
really really safe we had to get some
finalist cows and I think this one might
have been one of them she kind of tried
my mayor and Austin was telling me to
keep working it kind of giving me a
timetable the whole time how much time i
had and which is helpful when you're out
there you think two and a half minutes
isn't very long to your out there and
feels like an eternity
and we had a decision about the last two
cows we had to pick one was going to be
in a better spot when I come up through
there there was a little red mot we
looked up and she didn't act like she
wanted to be cut so I walked by her he
went up to the top to the first Cal we
talked about which is the black kind of
brownish gown
first got her separate I thought huh
she's not gonna be that good and then
she really really really got good for my
mare she handled it I was proud of her
she's still a little green for a 55 year
old so Steve's show me the cherry red
cow Cory had said before we went in
there if you can cut all three of the
red ones we've talked about and I'm
going to be happy so excuse me they all
presented themselves well
they're always telling me to be easy and
I'm sure work so this cow is a little
softer and I thought it didn't really
take a hold of him just kind of moving
around but
he's being pretty accurate
found a good place to get off and i
think my other cow is right over there
but no there she is right there backing
up Steve's telling me to stay with her
happy the black cow who went on Thank
You Laurie
good happen
i mighta got off of it a little too soon
mmm looking for the red well we were
looking for the red head light and she
didn't act like she wanted to take it so
the little red rings our blender that
came out we had talked about to you I'm
gay I'm just trying to be smooth with my
cuts and he's not always the ages to
come I think this was a good cow he
really got to kind of took a little more
hold of him
well thank you ladies very much for
visiting with us again this is your 2010
mcha super stakes classic non-pro finals
champions Michelle Anderson and Gail
Hooper scoring a 218 tonight to take the
finals
you